1. Verhindern dass zu viele Daten zu PVOutput gesendet werden
PVOut: Update refused for {'KNN0D7403B'} due to time limitation

4. Decode all message types

5. Unit Tests erstellen

6. Test Coverage berechnen


Move all socket handling to separate file
run sockets in individual threads
allow unlimited number of parallel sockets 
Do not poll the sockets. Use callbacks instead

Send commands to inverter, e.g. to set time automatically

Add full Documentation using Doxygen or similar

Some parameters are missing from grott.ini documentation -> add them

Zeitstring an pvoutput war 12:40am das muss 00:40am sein, grott.ini time = server

Statistik erstellen welche Kommandos wie oft empfangen wurden

FW Update aufzeichnen und Binary in File speichern

The record whitelist makes no difference between the devices.
If several devices are available all must be set individually. 
It would be better if some messages can be filtered out independently of the 
number of available devices.

Ack Messages should only be forwarded if before a data message was forwarded
Currently all ACK Messages are forwarded 

Ensure every 5 min a message is send to PVoutput
If there is no new data message collect one from the inverter
if the data is the same calculate energy based on current power

Understand layouts and make them understandable

save data to other databases mysql, postgresql etc.
save data with higher timeresolution

Log all messages for later analysis

Log all messages send to PV output for analysis

Handling of received data is done in Nibbles.
Thus the binary data is first converted to nibbles 
The locations in the layouts are defined for nibbles too
\todo check if there is a reason to do so, if not change that to byte addresses

In layout the start location is named "value" change that to "start" or "loc"
Good names would be "loc", "len", "typ", "div", "inc"

In layout the parameter "incl" has values yes/no change that to boolean
In layout the parameter "type" uses self defined strings like num/numx etc.
Better use standard types

In layout there is missing an description field to indicate what a measurement
value is. Add it to the layouts. If there is a human readable description field
the names can be made shorter and less readable.


